# Changelog
- New menu background
- Removed nude models from the KitKat maps
- Content overhaul
- New menu font
- New menu background
- New sounds on Crossfire
- New music
- New maps - Cove, Dyce and Guardian
- Removed un-needed playermodels
- Added an option to view the credits on the menu
- Removed the gaps on the menu
- Added options to the Game tab of CUSTOM GAMES
- Added options to Multiplayer > Advanced
- Changed outdated controls from 'SHOOTER TOURNEYS CONTROLS' to 'ZAMNHLMP CONTROLS'
- Removed usespam
- Fixed the botched lighting on Crossfire
- New music on Kasino
- Added missing files from AG, including the CTF FGD for mappers (more changes for CTF will be in version 2.5.1 which we plan to release on June 20)
- Fixed a bug where the Saplight music on the map Kasino2 would play in very low quality
- Fixed a bug regarding the Discord Rich Presence where the icon would not show when not in-game


## OpenAG Hotfix 1:
- Added cl_old_scoreboard (thanks chinese-soup).
- Added rainbow HUD, set hud_rainbow to 1 to enable (thanks tmp64).
- Added the customtimer command (thanks chinese-soup).
- Added the writemap command that writes the current map name into saved_maps.txt (thanks czarsonszef).
- Added cl_viewmodel_fov and cl_viewmodel_ofs_* CVars to adjust viewmodel rendering (thanks chinese-soup).
- Fixed wrong crosshair when spectating (thanks chinese-soup).
- Fixed cl_forceteammatemodel when spectating (thanks chinese-soup).
- Disabled thirdperson in multiplayer (thanks chinese-soup).
- Fixed ammo below 10 being misaligned on the HUD (thanks chinese-soup).
- Changed chat messages to appear instantly in the console and made hud_saytext_time save into config.cfg (thanks chinese-soup).
- Made default_fov save into config.cfg (thanks tmp64).
- Fixed HLTV ignoring default_fov (thanks chinese-soup).
- A few bugfixes on the spectator VGUI controls (thanks chinese-soup).
- A few other bugfixes (thanks tmp64).